So your routing table will
generally describe your features.
And so if you had students,
courses, workshops,
lessons, you pick any kind of
a feature set that your routing
table is generally going
to define your feature set.
Not always but more often than not.So
a feature will generally get a route and
then a route will navigate
to a container component.
And then everything inside of that
container component should be
a presentation component.
So this is standard component driven
architecture, now, these next
couple of slides are green for a very
good reason because it's pure money.
A component should only
ever do two things,
consume just enough data to
satisfy its templates and
capture user events to
delegate them upwards.
This means that components should
be as thin as possible and
they should satisfy input
using the async pipe.
They should be oblivious
to business logic and
they should be oblivious
to server communication.
So I'm just laying a foundation for
all the things That we're
gonna talk about today.
So let me just repeat that, components
should be oblivious to business logic,
they should be oblivious
to server communication.
Because all they're doing is pulling
in just enough data to satisfy their
template, and if something happens from
the user then they're capturing that event
and they're delegating it up.
They should be oblivious
to application state,
a user's feature should have no idea
what is happening over at the widgets,
or what the state of the items are.
Facades, we'll talk about these,
it's an effective delegation layer between
components and the rest of the app.
So this is a really, really important
pattern that I use to manage complexity.
Now, they're for delegation only,
this is where myself Mike Ryan from
Ngrx.We have been around in circles.
It's really easy to abuse this pattern,
but
if you use it as a line of separation
between your component layer and
the rest of your application just
to delegate and move data in,
capture events, move it out,
it's very, very effective.
Now the other thing, speaking of
decoupling server communication and
state management should be decoupled.
The reason being is that what if
you're using a mock backend and
you want to swap that out, or
you're using a production backend,
or you want to switch over to graph QL,
from a rest API?
Well, if you've coupled your
state management in your server
communication together,
that's very hard to do and so remember,
avoid coupling, increase cohesion.
Data models should be decoupled especially
inside of a monorepo with a client and
API project.
And we are at the tail end here and
then we'll take some questions,
I've covered a ton of stuff, but
do not unnecessarily optimize until
you have a good reason to do so.
So for instance,
a component should not become a lib until
it's going to be using more than one app.
And so, if you have an application and
you have a component that's specific
to that, leave it in there.
But the minute you have more
than one application, and
you can share that component,
then you extract it out to ellipse.
Remember what I said
refactor through promotion.